QROM uses unnecessary gates if non work wires provided (#6967)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  `jnp.arange`, and `jnp.full`.
  [#6865)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6865)

> * The `QROM` template decomposes more efficiently when `work_wires` are not used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `QROM` template is upgraded to decompose more efficiently when `work_wires` are not used.
```

>   [#6968)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6968)

Author: ```suggestion
  [#6967)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6967)
```

> 

Reviewer 2: This should be in the bug fix section not the Capturing and representing hybrid programs
